Syntax and style corrections (#79)
mulesoft/docs-studio: modules/ROOT/pages/update-workspace.adoc

> include::_attributes.adoc[]

Reviewer: HIDDEN TEXT EDIT

= Updating Workspaces
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]

Reviewer: I would like to try something new.
I know that our team uses imperative voice (in this case, Update) for tasks, but this is not a task.
However, the gerund case (in this case, Updating) sounds a bit like a task, too.
What would you think of "Workspace Updates:?

endif::[]

> Anypoint Studio 7.2 and later simplifies the configuration of the `mule-artifact.json` file. This file is used when packaging your Mule application to identify the class loader configuration and settings of your Mule application, and the minimum required Mule runtime engine version to run your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Studio 7.2 and later simplifies the configuration of the `mule-artifact.json` file. This file is used when packaging your Mule application to identify its class loader configuration and settings, and the minimum required Mule runtime engine version to run your application.
```

> Anypoint Studio includes a new version of the Mule Maven Plugin that can automatically infer some of this required metadata. This make it easier for you to keep track of all the declarations you need to make when exporting resources.

Reviewer: Is the plugin a Mule plugin or an Apache Maven plugin?
```suggestion
Anypoint Studio includes a new version of the Mule plugin for Apache Maven that can automatically infer some of this required metadata. This makes it easier for you to keep track of all the declarations you need to make when exporting resources.
```
OR
```suggestion
Anypoint Studio includes a new version of the Mule implementation of the Apache Maven plugin that can automatically infer some of this required metadata. This makes it easier for you to keep track of all the declarations you need to make when exporting resources.
```

Author: @kbostrom "Mule Maven Plugin" is the name of the plugin. Probably not an official name product, but that's how it's been known for years: https://docs.mulesoft.com/mule-runtime/4.2/mmp-concept

> [%header%autowidth.spread,cols="a,a"]

Reviewer: HIDDEN TEXT, not edited

"minMuleVersion": "4.0.0",
  "requiredProduct": "MULE_EE",
  "classLoaderModelLoaderDescriptor": {
    "id": "mule",
    "attributes": {
      "exportedResources": []
    }
  },
  "bundleDescriptorLoader": {
    "id": "mule",
    "attributes": {}
  }
}
----
|
[source,json,linenums]
----
{
  "minMuleVersion": "4.0.0",
}

----
|===

> Note that this simplification is meant to reduce the number of declarations you need to keep track at development time using Anypoint Studio. A fully configured `mule-artifact.json` is still required by Mule runtime engine when executing the packaged application. You can find the generated `mule-artifact.json` file inside the `target` directory after packaging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this simplification is meant to reduce the number of declarations you need to keep track of at development using Anypoint Studio. A fully configured `mule-artifact.json` file is still required by Mule runtime engine when executing the packaged application. You can find the generated `mule-artifact.json` file inside the `target` directory after packaging.
```

> The Mule Maven plugin inspects the metadata declared in `mule-artifact.json`. If there is a value that is not declared, the Mule Maven Plugin infers it from the application code before packaging. If there are other metadata declared, it uses that information to package the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin inspects the metadata declared in `mule-artifact.json`. If there is a value that is not declared, the plugin infers it from the application code before packaging. If other metadata is declared, the plugin uses that information to package the application.
```

> If you choose to update to the latest Mule Maven plugin, and want to keep your old descriptor files, you'll need to manually keep track of your descriptors metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you choose to update to the latest plugin and want to keep your old descriptor files, you'll need to manually keep track of your descriptor metadata.
```

> == Upgrading From 7.1.x to 7.2 and later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Upgrading from Studio 7.1.x to 7.2 and later
```

> When you open Anypoint Studio 7.2 and use a workspace created with previous versions, Studio pops up a note:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you open Anypoint Studio 7.2 and use a workspace created with previous versions, Studio displays a note:
```

image::this-766bb.png[align=center]

> Note that Studio lists all the projects whose configurations need updating and that it does not consider closed projects for this migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that Studio lists only the projects whose configurations need updating; it does not list closed projects.
```

Clicking *Perform update* enables Studio to:

* Update the Mule Maven Plugin version in the pom.xml file of your projects listed in this dialog.
* Remove all declarations from the `mule-artifact.json` files of the same listed projects. +

> This process overwrites your existing `mule-artifact.json`. If you have other declarations in your `mule-artifact.json` that you want to preserve (for example, secureProperties declarations, redeploymentEnabled, etc.), you should back up those files outside of your workspace, perform the migration, and then restore your old `mule-artifact.json` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This process overwrites your existing `mule-artifact.json` file. If you have other declarations in `mule-artifact.json` that you want to preserve (for example, secureProperties, redeploymentEnabled, and so on), you should back up those files outside of your workspace, perform the migration, and then restore your old `mule-artifact.json` files.
```

> MuleSoft strongly recommends not to preserve the following declarations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not to preserve the following declarations:
```
